{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green24\blue229;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Drupal Notifier 0.1
\fs22 \
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
What's Drupal Notifier?
\b0 \
   Drupal Notifier sits in your system menu bar. When properly configured, it notifies you for updates received from your Drupal based website.\
\

\b Requirements
\b0 \
  \uc0\u9679  You must have a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tinyurl.com/desktop-notify"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Drupal}} based website or a blog ;)\
  \uc0\u9679  Desktop Notify module on the site: \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://tinyurl.com/desktop-notify\cf0 \ulnone \
  \uc0\u9679  Growl on your Mac: \cf2 \ul http://tinyurl.com/growl-mac\
\
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qj\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ulnone Instructions\
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qj\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0   \uc0\u9679  A complete video guide and demonstration: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://vimeo.com/3831231"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 http://vimeo.com/3831231}}
\b \

\b0   \uc0\u9679  Install and enable the Desktop Notify module on your website.\
  \uc0\u9679  Make sure Growl is installed on your Mac.\
  \uc0\u9679  Launch Drupal Notifier app and set the website details.\
  \uc0\u9679  The user being entered must have administer comments permission.\
\cf2 \ul \
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qj\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \ulnone Known Issues
\b0 \
  \uc0\u9679  If you cancel website details form without filling anything, it'll still say that you are signed in. boo, don't worry.\
  \uc0\u9679  You must press "Check now" button to reflect some changes that you might have made in preferences. uhuh, i'm lazy.\
\

\b FAQs
\b0 \
  \uc0\u9679  Why does it take long when trying to Sign In?\
   Either your internet connection is having problems, or your website is not responding to XMLRPC requests. If an error occurs after the long Sign In time, It is then your network which is at fault.\
\
  \uc0\u9679  What is /CFSFault error?\
   It means that the application is unable to make a connection to the specified site address, either due to internet connection problems, or due to site address being incorrect. The app expects the address to be something like http://www.example.com/mydrupalsite.\cf2 \ul \
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qj\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
  \uc0\u9679  What is that long desktop_notify.verifyUserDetails error?\
   You probably have not installed the Desktop Notify module on your Drupal website.\
\cf2 \ul \
\cf0 \ulnone   \uc0\u9679  Why is it still not working for me?\
     Hm, interesting. Let me know.\
\
  \uc0\u9679  Where do I share my brilliant idea?
\b \

\b0      See below for contact information.\
\
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\qj\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Report problems
\b0 \
  \uc0\u9679  Bug me at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:gurpartap@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt gurpartap@gmail.com}}\
  \uc0\u9679  Or report at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://myzonelabs.com/notifier-app"}}{\fldrslt http://myzonelabs.com/notifier-app}}\
}